Tehnical Council Meeting 2022-04-01
===

**Date:** Apr 1, 2022

**Agenda:**
1. Review takeaways from previous meeting `15min`
1. Crate outline for **Features** `30min`
1. SLA management discussion `10min`
1. Other Topics and Questions
   1. CUE vs YAML 
   2. [Add support for type alias in schema](https://github.com/polywrap/monorepo/issues/784) 
 


:clapper: Meeting Recording 
---
* TODO

:clipboard: Notes
---
* SLA Managemement
  * https://github.com/polywrap/monorepo/issues/742#issuecomment-1082449436
â‰ˆ


:closed_book: Takeaways
--
* add `labels` and define label `standard dependency`
* for owners of defined fetures in https://hackmd.io/zkxQhZ5gTsK-l0zqhn1TKQ
  * define descriptions
  * define action items section
  * request priority 
