Tehnical Council Meeting 2022-03-25
===

**Date:** Mar 25, 2022

**Agenda:**
1. Review takeaways from previous meeting `10min`
2. Technical Standards & Specifications `50min`
    1. What is Polywrap Standard?
    2. How should standards be organized? By categories?
    3. If so, what are different Categories?
4. Standards & Specifications Roadmap
    1. What should be initial Council's focus?


:clapper: Meeting Recording 
---
* https://youtu.be/48Vc3aXRo08

:clipboard: Notes
---
* [Semantics: The WRAP Protocol](https://forum.polywrap.io/t/semantics-the-wrap-protocol/246)

### Standards Categories/Outline 
- URI Standards
- URI Resolver Standard
- Client Standard
    - Cacheing
    - URI Resolution 
    - Invocation Standard
    - Configuration 
    - Plug-ins
- WebAssembly Runtime Standard
- Serialization 
- Interfaces and Implementations
- Schema Standard
    - SDL
    - TypeInfo
- Pipeline Standard
    - Build Process
    - Package manifest schemas 
    - Code generation
    - Project types
- Compliance Testing
    - Recipe tests
    - Tracing
- Security Standards
    - hash verification
    - locked dependencies 
    - embedded dependencies 
    - permissions


:closed_book: Takeaways
-- 
- [x] define outline for features topics for council meetings
- [x] alternate council meeting between features and standards 
- [x] prioritize standards topics based on the "most dependencies" designator (pipeline, URI, ??)

