Technical Council Meeting 2022-05-26 
===

**Date:** May 26, 2022

**Agenda:**
1. Other Topics
- [x] Discuss Schedule Changes, Weekly Cadence
- [ ] When to Meet for the meeting time @jbinter
- [ ] Final Acceptance Process Discussion
    All DAO Vote or define governing body of TC with an all DAO vote to assign members
    Start simple with informal/Internal vote during TC meeting and then provide notification to larger DAO for final feedback
- [ ] Create tooling for internal meeting vote process @Eugene @jbinter
3. New Feature Requests
- [X] Restructuring Polywrap Manifest Filenames 
- [x] Should mutation be allowed inside the Query https://github.com/polywrap/technical-council/issues/54
- [x] Allow users to specify input constraints for the functions in schema https://github.com/polywrap/technical-council/issues/55 Move to roadmap as low or medium
4. Progress Update on Features
- [ ] Schema Build Artifact
- [ ] Multi-client Ecosystem Support
- [x] Polywrap Integration Testing Framework
5. Plan Dedicated Workshop Sessions for following week
- [ ] Friday WebAssembly Runtime
- [ ] Friday Plug-ins
7. Feature Working Session
8. Review Next Steps 

:clapper: Meeting Recording 
---
* https://youtu.be/lOybFM9HPWg
